 After thig was the Tryal of a Midwife of the Pa- 
  of Sr, Giles Cripplpte, who was IndiefTed by her 
felf, and immediately after two very aged poor wo- 
ndin being Sea rchers tow arch Wapping Incite-Ted joynt- 
ly fot murdering a certain male Child by ehoaking 
the Thine with their hands, ee. Sonic account has al- 
ready been given in Print of this bufinefs, but very' 
fan and imperfed, upon full :Evidence it appeared 
only to be thug. This Midwife whether to Patisfic 
her husband ( as (be now alleadges ) who was very 
Imp 'tient to have a child, or whether it were to pre, 
Cave her credit in her imploy which ihe thoughtfomit 
What prejudiced by the imputaticn of barrennefs,.T. 
cannot Gy, but fo it was (he relblved to pretend to 
have a Child,' in Orrier,berOnot 0 by wearmga fmall 
Pillow, 'eiric Tao hici'taerOkurcd ropy pf hat-160r.
bore

                                    C 5 )
bore that the was great, and about it week before het 
pr? tended Labour enquired very earntfily of a poor 
Woman if the could not help her to a young Child 
as ihon al Mott as born, either alive or dead, For 
lacy am there is a Lady whofe husband will not live 
with her becaufe the never had a Child, and he is now 
in the Country and if! c,,old get a Child, I fhould do 
a good office in rendering love between then), and 
get fomething my felf, but this Woman as fhe now 
[Wore, refitCed not knowing how to Aft her ; 
whereupon it recms (he applyed her felt to the two 
Searchers of Whitechappd, who having gratified I ter 
extravagant defire‘: , on the I 3. of April our Nlid7 
whit pretendi to fall in hbour,. but would not let M: 
tiv of the women tmch her and having difinift MI 
hive one in the Chamber, when the was got to bed, 
rretetiding great pains, her friend offering to put 
her hands into the Bed fear better hrisfy Mg her (elf 
of her condition, flat cried out Alarcler ! Aturder ! 
which railing it further fidpicion in the woman, the 
dill at till rake out: of the Bed a cold naked dead 
'Child, svhich had; as appeared, been wrapt up in a 
Child), and reemed to have been 4 day or tvo old; 
whereupon the told the Prifimcr, tlits could' be none 
of her child,' who Wickedly reph ed with a horrid 
CuritearAlmiir6cat ion on her fell', if it were not her 
oWnehild; horn' of her own body, t flowever Neigh- 
IdeintOteinglc !Bed, ff:Vertil Colter Masons 'npsV de-' :
ii:o,f61-, that dOiliii, reatehed her, dhey were contisi: 
debt. (he' had no child at ta, anIct `that this iV:tOl ionic
btffe'yeffims 'child, ev:;.i).-1 ThLitiftmer :Viti 41 
iriXtiai *here 'It& kiditit child''; -aecnri:a` of 'the
two  mei j

  6 )          Zan
acknowledged, and that they brought it to her the 
Gate day, and had 20 .1% being ptomifed 9 1. more: 
That they had it on saltpeter Bank., The Mother 
appeared in Court, and her Midwife, who tatiftee• 
it to be fidl born,. and that they coming to fearch it, 
and feeing her a very poor woman, told her they 
would Iitve her the charge of a Burial, d-c. But the 
Mother delayed (he had any money for it i Upon 
full examination of all which no fulpicion ofmurder 
appearing, bat only a flrange extravagant humour, - 
both the Midwife nail two Searchers were by the 
jury brought in, Not Guilty of t he leveral
mentswhereof they flood charged.
